COMPLETE COMPUTER SCIENCE .md, before:

# COMPUTATION
1. Host
 - BareMetal :- server with no os
2. VIRTUAL MACHINE - A virtual machine, commonly shortened to just VM, is no different than any other physical computer like a laptop, smart phone, or server. It has a CPU, memory, disks to store your files, and can connect to the internet if needed.
   
| Type I  | Type II |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Native (bare metal)  | Hosted  |
| Directly on hardware and runs guest OS  | Runs on previously installed OS  |
| acts as light weight as it runs directly  | runs as software like other computer programs  |
|XEN,KVM |Virtual Box,Virtual work station|
3. CONTAINER - Containers are packages of software that contain all of the necessary elements to run in any environment. In this way, containers virtualize the operating system and run anywhere, from a private data center to the public cloud or even on a developer's personal laptop.  

  - DOCKER :-Docker is a software platform that allows you to build, test, and deploy applications quickly. Docker packages software into standardized units called containers that have everything the software needs to run including libraries, system tools, code, and runtime.  
 
 ![Docker-Logo_Horizontel_279x131 b8a5c41e56b77706656d61080f6a0217a3ba356d](https://github.com/KshitizSadh/computer-structure/assets/142923024/3d553528-eea8-49ef-86c1-de773818d3ff)  
 - LXC :- LXC (LinuX Containers) is a OS-level virtualization technology that allows creation and running of multiple isolated Linux virtual environments (VE) on a single control host.
![Untitled](https://github.com/KshitizSadh/computer-structure/assets/142923024/007b496b-c299-49e8-90f0-7bea3ed6e8d6)

Commit message:

Update COMPLETE COMPUTER SCIENCE .md

COMPLETE COMPUTER SCIENCE .md, after:

# COMPUTATION
1. Host - A host is any hardware device that has the capability of permitting access to a network via a user interface, specialized software, network address, protocol stack, or any other means. Some examples include, but are not limited to, computers, personal electronic devices, thin clients, and multi-functional devices.
 - BareMetal :- server with no os
2. VIRTUAL MACHINE - A virtual machine, commonly shortened to just VM, is no different than any other physical computer like a laptop, smart phone, or server. It has a CPU, memory, disks to store your files, and can connect to the internet if needed.
   
| Type I  | Type II |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Native (bare metal)  | Hosted  |
| Directly on hardware and runs guest OS  | Runs on previously installed OS  |
| acts as light weight as it runs directly  | runs as software like other computer programs  |
|XEN,KVM |Virtual Box,Virtual work station|

3. CONTAINER - Containers are packages of software that contain all of the necessary elements to run in any environment. In this way, containers virtualize the operating system and run anywhere, from a private data center to the public cloud or even on a developer's personal laptop.  

  - DOCKER :-Docker is a software platform that allows you to build, test, and deploy applications quickly. Docker packages software into standardized units called containers that have everything the software needs to run including libraries, system tools, code, and runtime.  
 
 ![Docker-Logo_Horizontel_279x131 b8a5c41e56b77706656d61080f6a0217a3ba356d](https://github.com/KshitizSadh/computer-structure/assets/142923024/3d553528-eea8-49ef-86c1-de773818d3ff)  
 - LXC :- LXC (LinuX Containers) is a OS-level virtualization technology that allows creation and running of multiple isolated Linux virtual environments (VE) on a single control host.

![Untitled](https://github.com/KshitizSadh/computer-structure/assets/142923024/007b496b-c299-49e8-90f0-7bea3ed6e8d6)  

4. ORCHESTRATORS - Orchestration is the coordination and management of multiple computer systems, applications and/or services, stringing together multiple tasks in order to execute a larger workflow or process. These processes can consist of multiple tasks that are automated and can involve multiple systems.
 - SOME EXAMPLES OF ORCHESTRATORS    
   - KUBERNETES
   - DOCKER SWARM 
   - MESOS 
   - EKS 
   - ECS 
# NETWORKING
1.
